fbpager.alpha: 255
fbpager.x: 0
fbpager.y: 0

fbpager.workspace.width: 56

# For 1600x1200
#fbpager.workspace.height: 42

# For 3200x1200
fbpager.workspace.height: 21

# For 2400x1600
#fbpager.workspace.height: 38

fbpager.workspacesPerRow: 1
fbpager.followDrag: false
fbpager.followMove: false
fbpager.changeWorkspaceButton: 1
fbpager.raiseWindowButton: 2
fbpager.lowerWindowButton: 3
fbpager.closeWindowButton: 3 3 1
fbpager.exitButton: 1 3 3
fbpager.nextWorkspaceButton: 4
fbpager.prevWorkspaceButton: 5
fbpager.moveInWorkspaceButton: 3
fbpager.dragToWorkspaceButton: 2
fbpager.align: LeftToRight
fbpager.color: rgb:62/70/85
fbpager.windowColor: gray
fbpager.focusedWindowColor: white
fbpager.windowBorderColor: black
fbpager.backgroundColor: darkgray
fbpager.currentBackgroundColor: lightgray
fbpager.multiClickTime: 250
fbpager.icons: false
fbpager.windowBorderWidth: 1
